Clarify cellular connection configuration via dbus (#1822)
balena-io/docs: shared/network/2.x.md

## Cellular Modem Setup

> For cellular or GSM based connections, {{ $names.os.lower }} makes use of **[ModemManager][modemmanager-link]** and is configured in much the same way as WiFi connections are configured. The connection profile can either be specified in your application code (see [Changing the Network at Runtime](#changing-the-network-at-runtime) below), or you can add a cellular configuration by adding a connection file to `/resin-boot/system-connections` in the downloaded OS `.img` file. In the future, cellular connections will be configurable from the dashboard at download time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For cellular or GSM based connections, {{ $names.os.lower }} makes use of **[ModemManager][modemmanager-link]** and is configured in much the same way as WiFi connections are configured. The connection profile can either be specified in your application code (see [Changing the Network at Runtime](#changing-the-network-at-runtime) below), or you can add a cellular configuration by adding a connection file to `/resin-boot/system-connections` in the downloaded {{ $names.os.lower }} `.img` file. In the future, cellular connections will be configurable from the dashboard at time of adding a device and downloading a {{ $names.os.lower }} image.
```

> For cellular or GSM based connections, {{ $names.os.lower }} makes use of **[ModemManager][modemmanager-link]** and is configured in much the same way as WiFi connections are configured. The connection profile can either be specified in your application code (see [Changing the Network at Runtime](#changing-the-network-at-runtime) below), or you can add a cellular configuration by adding a connection file to `/resin-boot/system-connections` in the downloaded OS `.img` file. In the future, cellular connections will be configurable from the dashboard at download time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For cellular or GSM based connections, {{ $names.os.lower }} makes use of **[ModemManager][modemmanager-link]** and is configured in much the same way as WiFi connections are configured. The connection profile can either be specified in your application code (see [Changing the Network at Runtime](#changing-the-network-at-runtime) below), or you can add a cellular configuration by adding a connection file to `/resin-boot/system-connections` in the downloaded {{ $names.os.lower }} `.img` file. In the future, cellular connections will be configurable from the dashboard at time of adding a device and downloading a {{ $names.os.lower }} image.
```
